README.md, before:

# Demo apps for CS235IM, iOS App Development

## Directory of examples:
### LayoutDemo
A do-nothing app with two buttons and a label demonstrating the use of Auto-Layout Constraints.

### AutoLayoutDemo
- AutoLayoutDemo
- SizeClassDemo

### SizeClassDemo
A four-function calculator demonstrating the use of Size-Classes.

### VocabQuiz_SizeClasses
Just has a baseline wAny hAny layout, ready for us to add another set of constraints in another size class. Not finished.

### HelloGoodbyeMultiScreen
- **HelloGoodbyeMultiScreen.Segue**  
Demonstrates using a UINavigationController with two Buttons and Segues to launch one of two different secondary scenes.
- **HelloGoodbyeMultiScreen.Code**  
The same as the ohter project, but uses code instead of Segues for invoking the secondary scenes.

### RedBlueNavControllerDemo
Demonstrates using a UINavigationController to navigate between three scenes in sequence. The three scenes have different colored backgrounds. Users can navigate from red to blue to green and then back up from green to blue to red.

### SectionIndexDemo
An app that shows a table of plants with an alphabetic section index on the right side. Clicking on a plant name pops up an alert with information about the plant.

### StarTrekCastDemo
Uses a UITableView and a UIDetialView to create a master-detail app.
___
These apps were written for use with a class I teach at Lane Community College,
CS235IM, Intermediate Mobile Applications Development: iOS.
Read more about the class and find out how to enroll here:
https://birdsbits.wordpress.com/2015/11/17/introductory-ios-app-development-course

The code was written using Xamarin Studio and requires the Xamarin.iOS library.  http://xamarin.com

Commit message:

More progress on tabbed MathGame
Tabs work to switch views, need to implement history screen

README.md, after:

# Demo apps for CS235IM, iOS App Development

## Directory of examples:
### LayoutDemo
A do-nothing app with two buttons and a label demonstrating the use of Auto-Layout Constraints.

### AutoLayoutDemo
- AutoLayoutDemo
- SizeClassDemo

### SizeClassDemo
A four-function calculator demonstrating the use of Size-Classes.

### VocabQuiz_SizeClasses
Just has a baseline wAny hAny layout, ready for us to add another set of constraints in another size class. Not finished.

### HelloGoodbyeMultiScreen
- **HelloGoodbyeMultiScreen.Segue**  
Demonstrates using a UINavigationController with two Buttons and Segues to launch one of two different secondary scenes. Data is sent to the secondary scenes.
- **HelloGoodbyeMultiScreen.Code**  
The same as the ohter project, but uses code instead of Segues for invoking the secondary scenes. Data is sent to the secondary scenes.

### MathGame
- **MathGame**  
Demonstrates separating business rules from presentation. Has a grid of buttons and a separate game logic class.
- **MathGame.Tabbed**  
Demonstrates using a TabBarController and sending data from one tabbed view to another.

### RedBlueNavControllerDemo
Demonstrates using a UINavigationController to navigate between three scenes in sequence. The three scenes have different colored backgrounds. Users can navigate from red to blue to green and then back up from green to blue to red.

### SectionIndexDemo
An app that shows a table of plants with an alphabetic section index on the right side. Clicking on a plant name pops up an alert with information about the plant.

### StarTrekCastDemo
Uses a UITableView and a UIDetialView to create a master-detail app.
___
These apps were written for use with a class I teach at Lane Community College,
CS235IM, Intermediate Mobile Applications Development: iOS.
Read more about the class and find out how to enroll here:
https://birdsbits.wordpress.com/2015/11/17/introductory-ios-app-development-course

The code was written using Xamarin Studio and requires the Xamarin.iOS library.  http://xamarin.com
